Improve web executor documentation to detail (#292)
ovh/venom: executors/web/README.md

      ConfirmPopup: true
```

> History actions allow you to manipulate browser history actions. The following action are available:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
History actions allow you to manipulate browser history actions. The following actions are available:
```

* back
* refresh
* forward

Example:

```yaml
name: TestSuiteNavigationHistory
testcases:
- name: TestCaseNavigationHistory
  context:
    type: web
    driver: chrome
    debug: true
  steps:
  - action:
      navigate:
        url: https://www.google.com
  - action:
        fill:
        - find: input[name='q']
          text: ovh venom github
    screenshot: search.png
  - action:
        click:
            find: div[jsname='VlcLAe'] input[name='btnK']
            wait: 2
  - action:
        historyAction: back
  - action:
        historyAction: refresh
  - action:
        historyAction: forward
```

## Output

* result.url
* result.timeseconds
* result.timehuman
* result.title
* result.find

## Chrome

> This section describe some features specifics to chrome browser

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section describes some features specific to the Chrome browser
```

### CI

> To include chrome driver tests in your integration pipeline your must execute chrome in headless mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to include Chrome Driver tests in your integration pipeline, you must execute Chrome in headless mode.
```

Example
```yaml
name: TestSuite Web
testcases:
- name: Test disable same site security
  context:
    type: web
    width: 1920
    height: 1080
    driver: chrome
    args:
    - 'headless'
    timeout: 60
    debug: true
  steps:
  - action:
      navigate:
        url: https://www.google.fr
```

### Flags

> In chrome, you can enable or disable experimentals features to test the behaviour of upcoming features.
> You can do it manually with chrome://flags url with chrome browser.
> In venom, to enable a feature add an argument instance enable-features.
> To disable a feature, add an argument instance disable-features

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Chrome, you can turn experimental features on or off to test the behavior of upcoming features.
You can do this manually with chrome: // flags url with Chrome browser.
In Venom, to enable a feature, add an instance of the enable-features argument.
To disable a feature, add a disable-features argument instance
```
